anymap deduplication on write (#166)
KxSystems/docs: docs/ref/get.md

0b
```

> Since 4.1t 2023.09.29,4.0 2023.11.03 when writing anymap, empty vectors without attributes get deduplicated automatically (including enum vectors when enum name is 'sym').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since 4.1t 2023.09.29,4.0 2023.11.03 when writing anymap, empty vectors without attributes are deduplicated automatically (including enum vectors when the enum name is 'sym').
```
